Add RKE1 EOL information (#723)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/cloud-provider.md

:::

### Deploying to the RKE1 Cluster with Harvester Node Driver

> :::caution
> 
> RKE (Rancher Kubernetes Engine, also known as RKE1) will reach its end of life on **31st, July 2025**. Starting from Harvester **v1.6.0**, RKE will not be supported. Visit the [link](https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc/?id=000021513) for more information.
> We highly recommend you switch to [RKE2 Kubernete clusters](./node/rke2-cluster.md).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution

Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE) will reach the end of its life on **July 31, 2025**. Harvester **v1.6.0** and later versions will not support RKE. Switching to RKE2, which provides a more secure and efficient environment, is recommended.

In-place upgrades are not an option, so you must [create new RKE2 clusters](./node/rke2-cluster.md) and migrate the workloads from your existing RKE clusters (known as replatforming). For more information, see [RKE End of Life](https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc/?id=000021513).

:::
```

Author: Thanks, fix up other pages too.
